[OSDOCS-15138]ROSA HCP Cluster Deletion Policy (#96078)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/life-cycle-deletion.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-life-cycle.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rosa-delete-policy_{context}"]
= Deletion policy

Red{nbsp}Hat reserves the right to delete {product-title} clusters within 15 days if the service notifications requiring actions are not addressed. These actions include upgrading the cluster to a supported OpenShift version or resolving cluster health issues so that the service can auto-upgrade the cluster to a supported OpenShift version.

{product-title} services will notify you both when the cluster is unhealthy and when the OpenShift version is approaching EOL.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> {rosa-short} clusters configured with delete protection enabled can still be deleted based on the deletion policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} clusters configured with delete protection enabled can still be deleted based on the deletion policy.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-life-cycle.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rosa-delete-policy_{context}"]
= Deletion policy

> Red{nbsp}Hat reserves the right to delete {product-title} clusters if service notifications requiring action are not responded to within 15 days. These actions include, but are not limited to:

Reviewer 2: We need to qualify the "Service notifications requiring action"; otherwise, this statement is too much alarming. Right now, only reason we delete the clusters is when the OpenShift version EOL's and customers haven't either upgraded on their own timeline or taken the corrective action so the service SREs can auto-upgrade. So, here's a recommendation: 

Red Hat reserves the right to delete ROSA HCP clusters within 15 days if the service notifications requiring actions to either upgrade to a supported OpenShift version or to fix the cluster health so that the service can auto-upgrade the cluster to a supported OpenShift version.  ROSA service will notify both when the cluster is unhealthy and the OpenShift version is approaching EOL.

Author: Thanks, Bala. Did a bit of a re-write based on your suggestion and also had a question. 

"Red Hat reserves the right to delete Red Hat Openshift on AWS clusters within 15 days if the service notifications requiring actions are not addressed. These actions include upgrading the cluster to a supported OpenShift version or resolving cluster health issues so that the service can auto-upgrade the cluster to a supported OpenShift version.

 Red Hat Openshift on AWS services will notify both you and the SRE when the cluster is unhealthy and the OpenShift version is approaching EOL."

Wanted to confirm that a) When you said "notify both" in your original rewrite that you meant the SRE and the customer would be informed and b) I am using the terms "service/services" in the correct manner in this example. If not, please let me know how that should be written to be more accurate. 
Thanks.

> * Action to restore the health of the cluster.

Reviewer 2: We leave out these 2 statements.
